criterium api (#397)
it-at-m/opensource.muenchen.de: usability-analysis.md

* Are there dependencies on other services (e.g. Redis, Memcached, Elasticsearch) and are these used in stable, up-to-date versions?
* Is a framework used? If not, what is the reason? If yes, selection and integration should be evaluated.
* How long is the estimated training period for a developer?

> * All functions are to be provided not only via the graphical user interface (GUI), but also via a general and comprehensive __programming interface__ (API).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All functions should be provided not only via the graphical user interface (GUI), but also via a general, non-proprietary, and comprehensive __programming interface__ (API). Ideally, this should include the corresponding [OpenAPI spec](https://www.openapis.org/).
```
